README.md, before:

# Cable Operator App 📺

A modern Flutter application for cable operators to manage their customers, subscriptions, and payments.

## Features 🚀

- 👥 Customer Management
  - Add, edit, and delete customers
  - Track customer details and subscription status
  - View payment history

- 💰 Payment Management
  - Record and track payments
  - Generate payment history
  - Send payment reminders

- ⚙️ Configuration Management
  - Manage cable packages
  - Configure box types
  - Set up categories

- 🎨 Modern UI/UX
  - Material Design 3
  - Dark/Light theme support
  - Responsive layout

## Tech Stack 💻

- Flutter
- Firebase
- Dart

## Getting Started 🎯

### Prerequisites

- Flutter (3.x or higher)
- Dart (3.x or higher)
- Android Studio / VS Code
- Firebase Account

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/ChittalaUday/cable_operator_app.git
```

2. Navigate to project directory
```bash
cd cable_operator_app
```

3. Install dependencies
```bash
flutter pub get
```

4. Run the app
```bash
flutter run
```

## Building

### Debug Build
```bash
flutter build apk --debug
```

### Release Build
```bash
flutter build apk --release
```

The built APK can be found at:
```
build/app/outputs/flutter-apk/app-release.apk
```

## Project Structure 📁

```
lib/
├── models/          # Data models
├── screens/         # UI screens
├── services/        # Business logic and API services
├── utils/          # Utility functions and constants
├── widgets/        # Reusable widgets
└── main.dart       # Entry point
```

## Contributing 🤝

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License 📝

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact 📧

Chittala Uday - [@ChittalaUday](https://github.com/ChittalaUday)

Project Link: [https://github.com/ChittalaUday/cable_operator_app](https://github.com/ChittalaUday/cable_operator_app)

## Acknowledgments 🙏

- Flutter Team
- Firebase
- All Contributors

---
⭐️ Star this repo if you find it helpful!

Commit message:

docs: add APK download section to README

README.md, after:

# Cable Operator App 📺

A modern Flutter application for cable operators to manage their customers, subscriptions, and payments.

## Features 🚀

- 👥 Customer Management
  - Add, edit, and delete customers
  - Track customer details and subscription status
  - View payment history

- 💰 Payment Management
  - Record and track payments
  - Generate payment history
  - Send payment reminders

- ⚙️ Configuration Management
  - Manage cable packages
  - Configure box types
  - Set up categories

- 🎨 Modern UI/UX
  - Material Design 3
  - Dark/Light theme support
  - Responsive layout

## Download ⬇️

You can download the latest version of the Cable Operator App directly from our GitHub releases:

[![Download APK](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ChittalaUday/cable_operator_app?label=Download%20Latest%20APK&logo=android)](https://github.com/ChittalaUday/cable_operator_app/releases/download/v1.0.0/app-release.apk)

### Installation Instructions
1. Download the APK file using the button above
2. On your Android device, locate the downloaded APK file
3. Tap the APK file to start installation
4. If prompted, enable "Install from Unknown Sources" in your device settings
5. Follow the installation prompts
6. Once installed, open the app and start managing your cable operations!

## Tech Stack 💻

- Flutter
- Firebase
- Dart

## Getting Started 🎯

### Prerequisites

- Flutter (3.x or higher)
- Dart (3.x or higher)
- Android Studio / VS Code
- Firebase Account

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/ChittalaUday/cable_operator_app.git
```

2. Navigate to project directory
```bash
cd cable_operator_app
```

3. Install dependencies
```bash
flutter pub get
```

4. Run the app
```bash
flutter run
```

## Building

### Debug Build
```bash
flutter build apk --debug
```

### Release Build
```bash
flutter build apk --release
```

The built APK can be found at:
```
build/app/outputs/flutter-apk/app-release.apk
```

## Project Structure 📁

```
lib/
├── models/          # Data models
├── screens/         # UI screens
├── services/        # Business logic and API services
├── utils/          # Utility functions and constants
├── widgets/        # Reusable widgets
└── main.dart       # Entry point
```

## Contributing 🤝

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License 📝

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact 📧

Chittala Uday - [@ChittalaUday](https://github.com/ChittalaUday)

Project Link: [https://github.com/ChittalaUday/cable_operator_app](https://github.com/ChittalaUday/cable_operator_app)

## Acknowledgments 🙏

- Flutter Team
- Firebase
- All Contributors

---
⭐️ Star this repo if you find it helpful!
